Documentation for All-In-One docker image (#1487)
dotse/zonemaster: docs/public/using/all-in-one.md

# Using the All-In-One docker image

## Table of contents
* [All-In-One](#all-in-one)
* [Using Docker](#using-docker)
* [Invoking the command line tool using AIO image](#invoking-the-command-line-tool-using-aio-image)
* [Docker tips](#docker-tips)

## All-In-One

The `zonemaster-all-in-one` docker image provides an All-In-One solution containing Zonemaster-Backend, Zonemaster-CLI, and Zonemaster-GUI.

The `zonemaster-cli` tool can be run from the command line of any computer that
meets one of the following requirements:

* Docker is installed on the computer, or

> * Zonemaster-CLI has been installed on the computer.

Reviewer: I do not understand the meaning of these sentences in this context.

```suggestion
The `zonemaster-all-in-one` image can be run from computer that
has Docker is installed.
```

### Using Docker

To run Zonemaster via the All-In-One Docker image you have to make sure that Docker is installed
on the computer and that you can run Docker on it.
* Instructions for installation are found on Docker [get started] page.
* Run the command `docker ps` on the command line to verify that you can run
  Docker on the computer.

When Docker has been correctly installed, no more installation is needed to run
`zonemaster-cli`. Just follow the examples below.

There is a limitation in Docker regarding IPv6. Unless IPv6 has been enabled in
the Docker daemon, there is no support for IPv6. To avoid meaningless errors,
use `--no-ipv6` if there is no IPv6 support. Also see section "[IPv6 support]".

## Invoking the command line tool using All-In-One image

The zonemaster cli tool `zonemaster-cli` can also be invoked from the `zonemaster-all-in-one` image like 
`zonemaster-cli` docker image, by adding `cli` argument.

> There are two usable Docker images to run `zonemaster-cli`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two more usable Docker images to run `zonemaster-cli`:
```
